feat: Rewrote Managed Service section for SaaS & Enterprise. (#537)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.managed-service.md

of their individually configured meshStack installation to various industry standard control
frameworks such as ISO 27001 and ISO 27017.

### Monitoring and Support

Every meshStack installation includes sophisticated [logging](./meshstack.logging.md)
and [monitoring](./meshstack.monitoring.md) infrastructure. meshcloud uses these tools
to monitor system availability and diagnose any possible issues.

The monitoring infrastructure of your installations can be made available to your own operations teams on request.
For meshStack Enterprise users, it is also possible to integrate meshStack with a Security Operations Center (SOC).
For more details, please contact our experts.

## meshStack SaaS

The meshStack SaaS plan is always subject to a generic customer agreement.
This agreement will be provided upon purchasing a meshStack SaaS plan.

### SaaS: Infrastructure

Each meshStack SaaS installation is managed in a standardized way, and it is not possible to deviate from this
standard unless the installation is upgraded to the [meshStack Enterprise plan](#meshstack-enterprise).

meshStack SaaS is hosted on a Google Cloud-managed kubernetes cluster (this service is known as GKE).

> Each individual meshStack SaaS environment is hosted in its own so-called Kubernetes namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each individual meshStack SaaS environment is hosted in its own so-called Kubernetes namespace secured with a network policy blocking traffic from other meshStacks.
```

This means that communication and access between different meshStacks is impossible.

### SaaS: Environment

Each meshStack SaaS customer will have one environment which is always the production environment
and this environment is fully managed by meshcloud on the infrastructure mentioned above.

### SaaS: Rollouts

meshStack SaaS environments are automatically updated to the newest version of the meshStack software
depending on the maintenance window of the customer agreement.
The rollout of these updates can be one of the following:

- Weekly, on Mondays between 5 PM and 9 PM CEST.
- Weekly, on Thursdays between 5 PM and 9 PM CEST.

## meshStack Enterprise

The meshStack Enterprise plan comes with an individual customer agreement.
This agreement will be created and provided when signing up for a meshStack Enterprise plan.

### Enterprise: Infrastructure

The infrastructure of a meshStack Enterprise installation always depends on what is agreed upon with the customer.

> meshcloud supports both on-premise installations but also public cloud (AWS, Azure & Google Cloud) installations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meshcloud supports both on-premise installations and public cloud (AWS, Azure & Google Cloud) installations
```

that are owned by the customer. meshcloud's operations team will need access to the environment and will fully
manage the meshStack installation from there.

### Enterprise: Artifact Delivery

It is possible for meshcloud to push artifacts for new meshStack releases to a customer-provided artifact store.
This enables meshcloud to fulfill software admission/delivery and archival requirements that you might have.

### Enterprise: Environments

#### Staging / QA Environment

When on the meshStack Enterprise plan, it is possible to get a staging environment (on top of a production environment)
for quality checks & testing purposes, which is useful for testing new releases or new integrations.
The staging environment will be automatically managed by meshcloud.

#### Production Environment

The production environment of meshStack Enterprise is the real environment where all your users will be consuming
your cloud foundation services.
The production environment is managed by meshcloud.
The timeline of rolling out new releases can be decided by the customer (more on that below).

### Enterprise: Rollouts

#### Rolling out Staging Environment

> A CI/CD pipeline (either one from meshcloud, or your own) automatically rolls out new releases to the staging / QA environment.

Reviewer 2: Pipelines are always managed by us they may just run on a customer provided CI/CD system.

This allows you to test new releases as soon as possible. The timing of rollouts can be decided as desired,
e.g. as soon as possible or at a certain time window.

#### Rolling out Production Environment

> Production releases are also automated via a CI/CD pipeline but are typically not automatically triggered by meshcloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Production releases are also automated via a CI/CD pipeline but rollouts are typically not automatically triggered by meshcloud.
```
